## Milestone 2 Progress 

​	From milestone 1, each person contributed to a section within the milestone1.md. Adriana wrote the Introduction and Software organization. Varshini wrote the background portion. Diana wrote the License as well as How to use our package. Xiaobo wrote the implementation portion. Everyone contributed to the decision of the license, updated their Auto_diff.py from homework 4 as a starting point for our dual numbers class, and helped with updating milestone1.md with feedback updates.

​	We have designated one person to take charge for each main aspect of milestone 2, but the whole group will work collectively both on the documentation and coding parts of the milestone. Adriana is in charge of the Documentation, which includes updating milestone1 to have interactive demos, explaining how a client can download and use the package, and making sure that each portion is clear and concise. Diana is in charge of prototyping for our potential extensions. This will include gathering what are non-trivial ideas for extensions, thinking of possible methods of implementation, as well as making sure that the implementation work is divided up between each team member. Varshini will lead the testing for our package. She will decide what tests need to be done, confirm that the Travis CI and Codecov integrations are working properly, and making sure each team member contributes to the tests that are written. Lastly, Xiaobo will lead the implementation aspect. He will be in charge of deciding how to structure our software, deciding what data structures and classes are needed, and making sure that the our software passes 90% of the tests from our testing suite. 

